Introducing CUHK
 Founded in 1963, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is a forward-looking comprehensive research university with a global vision and a mission to combine tradition with modernity, and to bring together China and the West. CUHK teachers and students hail from all around the world. CUHK graduates are connected worldwide through an extensive alumni network.
Teaching Excellence
 As a top university in Hong Kong and Asia, CUHK aims to nurture students with both specialized knowledge and wisdom for life. The education experience here is distinguished by a flexible credit unit system, a  college system, bilingualism and multiculturalism. There are general education courses to broaden students' perspectives and develop in them the ability to face the challenges of contemporary society. Our eight Faculties offer a wide array of excellent undergraduate and postgraduate programmes. 
Research Achievements
 CUHK undertakes a wide range of research programmes in many subject areas, and strives to provide scope for all academic staff to undertake consultancy and collaborative projects with industry. The University's insistence on the highest standards of research has won it an enviable research reputation. Hong Kong's University Grants Committee (UGC) provides preferential grant funding to the local tertiary institutions to conduct research into 24 selected Areas of Excellence (AoEs). Nine of these AoEs are being led by researchers from CUHK. The University houses five state key laboratories which are entrusted by the Ministry of Science and Technology of China to produce research of international quality and carry out important national research tasks. The University also has an excellent record of published research, both in discipline-specific journals and in more high-profile publications such as Science, Nature, and The Lancet. 
Unique College System
 Of all Hong Kong universities, CUHK is the only one that offers a college experience. To our constituent colleges, Chung Chi, New Asia, United and Shaw, have recently been added Morningside, S.H. Ho, CW Chu, Wu Yee Sun and Lee Woo Sing, bring up the total number of colleges to nine. College programmes and activities complement the formal curricula by delivering whole-person education and pastoral care. The college system also encourages intimate interaction among teachers, students and alumni.
Campus Environment
 Our beautiful 137.3-hectare campus overlooking Tolo Harbour is the largest and greenest in Hong Kong. It houses a range of facilities essential for an all-round campus experience, such as world-class libraries, art museums, music halls, swimming pool, sports fields, tennis courts, squash courts, water sports centre and gymnasiums.